Director Shen, do you think I'm beautiful?
Don't worry about him.
He's him, I'm me.
There is no relationship between the two of us anymore.
The reason not to separate
It's about the fate of the two families.
Sister, aren't you beautiful?
I didn't mean that.
I know I don't deserve you.
But I don't want to lie to myself.
I never thought about winning any trophies from you.
I just want to tell you my true feelings.
I like you.
Fuck.
How dare you seduce my brother in front of me?
Soon know you are not good goods.
You're messing around out there.
Tomorrow morning.
Why can't I play?
I like Shen Lang.
I'll seduce him.
You don't have to care.
The Stinky Girl
Do you wear a green hat?
I'll kill you.